no so so here's the thing if you if the
reason you feel amazing right now is
because your twitch career is going well
because everything is going well you
just bought a
car you're going to buy a house like
like if everything
if your happiness is tied to the outside
world and what the fates give you
then it's tied to what the fates give
you hello hey
how are you good good how are you
okay okay can you just okay
yep good
yeah i'm gonna stand up no sitting is
fine i've just never seen this angle
before that's so interesting man
yeah i cook i cook amazing food on
stream
and uh they're gonna see the whole thing
oh interesting what's what are some of
your specialties
oh i've just started but i just cop i
just follow this app
but um yeah it's good it's good it's
just uh
i just want to say as well it's the
first time talking to you i just want to
say i love the uh girl i love the uh
the interview you did with uh talking
about reckful
and i won't lie i was crying
like a can i swear can i say [ __ ] i
think so
okay i was crying like like a [ __ ]
um because it was just it hit me hard
and uh i just thought it's just so
surreal talking to you but uh yeah thank
you for having me on yeah of course man
thanks for coming on man
appreciate it i'm gonna put your full
screen give me a second sure
okay yes i'm okay
yeah so tell me what what was it that um
sort of affected you with the
interview with reckful i know um i
this this is so weird i watched when he
passed away i watched the whole
interview the one on youtube and then
you went live
an hour later talking about it just your
the words you speak
just hits hard you start talking about
get up and fight
because i've been living anxiety and
depression for like for the past three
years so when you start talking like if
you've got problems get up
get asked for help oh oh you spoke to me
that's when i started streaming properly
in uh july
so yeah just want to say never change
keep doing what you're doing
i say it's all the time you're one of
the streamers out there that actually
are here to help
your viewers and that's so rare so uh
well done
fun thanks thank you um i'm glad it was
helpful you know it was i think it was
painful for all of us
right but sometimes pain can bring us
closer together and
it's kind of bittersweet but can help us
move forward
right and so what that you said you've
been struggling with depression and
anxiety for three years
mostly anxiety for the past three years
yeah oh my god so
uh yeah yeah yeah well shall i give you
the short
story sure okay so pretty much
and my viewers hate hearing this because
i'm like a broken record i i try not
talk about ever
uh but about i i've been streaming on
and off for seven years
back in 2015 i st my partner
um we split up and i streamed every day
in 2015 in 2016 in april of 2016
i got permanently banned on twitch
because i used to get like 10
000 viewers but i used i was a horrible
person
right i used to just be so toxic and i
uh
i got myself permanently banned by abide
by just slandering someone's name
right i got permanently banned the day
that happened
oh i i was scared to talk to about
anything to anyone i become this i just
become
so scared to even speak and i've just
kind of
it took me years i've just got over it
i've just got over it now i'm like
i just don't give a [ __ ] anymore i
shouldn't swear sorry but i just don't
care anymore just talk
say and i feel ten times better and uh
so yeah anxiety
you know but i was just so scared to
talk like on twitch i was scared to say
anything i was scared to swear i was so
scared to even do anything but
i'm over it now and life's great life's
perfect i'm just a bit annoyed with
today
because my daughter i was meant to
stream today and i i have a daughter
right
and she was meant to go to school but
her temperature was 38 so the school
wouldn't allow her in because of this
coronavirus
so i couldn't stream today and um i'm a
bit my friend's here now looking after
her she's fine
now she's fine oh here oh great here she
is hello hiya
hi uh yes yes what do you want yes yes
you're gonna go next door
she's four five three nearly 33.
oh i tell you what she can't speak so if
you want to
come over to my house in real life and
give some lessons that would be great
we're getting all the help she can trust
me she's got all the help she can get
she just can't speak interesting
yeah you know it's a funny thing um
sometimes kids that are super super
smart actually don't
they learn to speak slower because they
actually can communicate without
speaking
right they're sort of like
you know it's interesting yeah i'm with
you that's what they say they said she
keeps
all the information to herself she's not
expressing herself
so um but yeah we're really close and um
with me and a mum we split up half a
year ago and we got a 50 50.
so i take it for one week then a month
takes for one week i'll have it for one
week
month you got me yeah that's it yeah
sounds like she has she's having fun
with daddy at home well actually she's
addicted to this pad
and i can't get her off it but is it a
bad thing this
is these pads for kids are the you know
the ipads is it a bad thing
so i think the the trickiest thing is
actually though
whether it's long form or short form
content
so generally speaking uh we want to be
careful with kids that
can like essentially switch things very
quickly or things that have commercials
or like short video clips because that
sort of
reinforces a short attention span
whereas electronics that are more long
form like if you if they watch like a
whole
episode of something um that's actually
i think
better for their attention than you know
things that are sort of like pop-ups and
like
all of you so as long as it's a long
form i think it's
it's okay but the short answer right
yeah yeah i was gonna make sure she
don't tell my pc she always goes to my
pc and turns it off sometimes yeah
i know what you mean oh shaw's a biscuit
i'm listening doctor
yeah that's fine take take care of your
kid man what's her name
if you don't mind me asking it's ellie
and what's your name
ali your name is ally yeah well my dad's
turkish
all right so it's meant to be pronounced
ali but
i can't speak turkish doc okay and i
won't lie to you i'm pretty nervous but
as the interview goes on i'll calm down
my nerves are really
high but i'm coming down but yeah her
name's ellie and a lot of people
think it's cringe but i named her after
that gel win the last of us
you know ellie because i first played
the lot i haven't played it but i
i need to oh dark yeah you should um
yeah when i first played that game i was
like oh if i have a kid a girl
i want to be like ellie and the last of
us so yeah
that's it that's something like cringe
but honestly she's cute as hell
yeah yeah she's she's amazing she looks
but you know this by the way like you
know the anxiety
like you do know that anxiety is
depression's best friend right if you
guys
if someone's got anxiety the pressure's
going to be right next door to it you
know that right
yeah great so yeah so it was only when
my partner left me half a year ago
and i don't want to get like telling my
life story but she left me half a year
ago because pretty much we weren't going
anywhere in the relationship
right it when she left i pulled up my
socks
i was like i'm gonna be a dad i'm gonna
start doing everything she does
and i was like i'm gonna start streaming
because i haven't streamed in three to
four years because i had this really
this cute
trolley community and they scared the
[ __ ] out of me like they were
my community still to this day they
scared me they say things to me they
know where i've been
i'm convinced they i'm convinced these
guys are tracking my car they got a
device to track my car
they know everything about me they know
where i've been which day i can't hide
nothing
right you're communicating yeah but i
mean i'm not
the more you show them the more i show
to where i'm scared the more they might
mess around me now
they don't surprise me you know but it's
just people in general they like to
freak me out and that
would normally give me anxiety but now i
just kind of laugh with it that i i
brought
like a new car right like two months ago
a jaguar right and i was hiding the
number plate i didn't want to know
the number plate because if you have
someone's number plate you can find out
the details off the car
how comes i went on stream the next day
and they're all spamming the number
plate
how how do they know that doc you know
so that's why
i know man yeah people are the people
are smart and i said to them all
all the people my community they should
work for the fbi because
they're too smart you know but um but
for the
past three years i've been scared of
them they would terrify me but now
i just smile and i've got cctv
and whatever you know it's one of them
things what what is scary about that
well they know my address right and um
i'm pretty much i've been dark i've been
trolled so hard i've been trolled so
hard
no you couldn't even i you know yeah i
could yeah i couldn't even
begin it's you could i've had do you
want me to go into detail
true okay i've had some okay so the
first thing is unpaid food right so
you've got your address thing people
want to send you unpaid food
that's that's easy mode i've had i've
had i've had someone
on my door opening cracking the lock and
i'm like what are you doing and they're
like oh we got a phone call
that you were locked in your bathroom so
they put locksmiths to my door i've had
people come to my door with snakes
like snakes snakes like oh you ordered
some snakes i'm like nah i did not order
snakes
i've had sad things happen i've had
children come with bags of toys
because someone's placed an advert
saying i need toys
so these poor children bringing bags of
toys to me
i i won't lie to you the most people
find this funny but i've had hookers
legit hookers sent to my address and
they're all like with a pimp
i've had that and it's been terrifying
you know and
like people like my reactions they find
it hilarious and i you know
um i get stuff said to me all the time
and wow i see the funny side but there
are some bad sides to it but
but best thing to do is i don't i just
kind of laugh it all now
the more that i get scared of it the
more that i'm gonna play on myself and
get anxious and then depressed
so i just kind of like take it i always
have my best friend he works for me now
so he makes sure
the streams always go smooth so that's a
new thing we did you know that girl
anita she's got a problem with some guys
stalking her what you should do
is should you get someone pay someone to
make sure that no one's gonna
security pay for security every time you
get someone outside think about it right
um but yeah that matches the beginning i
could tell you a hundred things
you'd probably end up laughing but yeah
i'm good now ali um
what what did you want to was there
something in particular that you wanted
to focus on today i
i'd love you know i'm happy to hear
randy i'm more than happy to be on you
i'm more happy to talk to you and just
get so i i was told
so so you said that you got perm
abandoned in 2016 so you started
streaming again are you streaming on a
different platform are you back on
twitch
no i'm back on twitch they let me back
in july of 2017.
okay it was a year and a half won't lie
to you
being banned on twitch it's the worst
thing in the world it's it's
like it's like a party you're not
invited to and no one wants to do
business with you no stream wants to
know you everyone will
follow you people to see it as bad
business and it was the worst year and a
half
of my life right i had often been on
youtube
no one knows i wish people could just
feel the feeling of how i felt then
oh i wanted to kill myself i i legit got
um
what's it called again when you get when
you're harmed yourself
and you get restrained by the police in
the hospital where that you're a danger
to yourself
right what's the word for it ryan
there's a word for it
you know what's it called um section
section cisco
section the day i got banned on twitch
you know i made a video got millions
like two million views on youtube but i
i legit was gonna go kill myself and
then i got took by the police there and
then
and i was put into like uh a hospital
because i was
i was like yep i've got no point of
living and that was it and then it took
that year and a half i just spent money
i didn't stream
i i legit kind of streamed and i just
spent my money and then after a year and
a half
twitch i i appealed i i i did i did
change
but i didn't have to change i just had
to tone it down a bit so instead of
ch i changed too much i lost my fan base
i lost them all i look because i went
from crazy
open book character to this riddled
anxious boring sheep of a guy
and noah found me interesting twitch let
me back but i lost to my fans
it's only been recently where i'm on i'm
i'm becoming the old me
but without the without the negative
yeah yeah so it sounds like you found
balance
yeah yeah you know starting to to be
your true self and be kind of
entertaining and
and fun to watch and at the same time
not overboard
that's right because back then i was a
small streamer so i was doing anything
to get attention but then i blew up and
become a big streamer
and the spotlight was on me and i was
still would say and do anything for
attention so i was a very i would call
all the shoutcasters names all the time
i'm talking horrible names like the
older women are cool
and i'm not proud of it like paul and
stuff so why do you why do you think you
would do anything for attention
oh i i i already i i knew this was
coming
because okay you've got to start asking
me why i'm the biggest attention seeker
in the world doc and i can explain why
i've already
asked myself these questions
my daughter is a mute right she can't
speak she don't talk right
i was the exact same as a child i was so
from the ages of
zero to ten of primary school which is
your like
you americans call it different what do
you call primary school so from zero to
10 elementary
elements right your elementary school i
had no friends i was bullied
my mum was sleeping around with other
guys and i didn't have my dad was never
there he still
isn't really there he smokes a lot of
marijuana right
so as a kid i had seven sisters no
brothers
and my mom never knew how to interact
with me right because she only knew
girls
right so when i was growing up i
couldn't talk to anyone when i went to
school we were moving from school to
school because my mom was trying to get
with a right guy
right to provide and i had no friends
in school and i was so quiet i got
picked on i got picked on a lot
right when i was 11 and i moved into the
secondary school which you would call
high school
i was so smart i thought to myself okay
new school no one knows me i'm just
going to
pretend i'm this really loud guy because
it that that's the guy i want to be so
that change i remember exactly where i
was i was on my bed
thinking of the day before the school
started i wanted to be this guy
so secondary school started the first
day and
all these kids don't know me and were in
class and
the teacher was like okay guys i'm gonna
teach and i was like
[ __ ] you miss and everyone laughed and i
laughed and i was like huh
this is great this attention wow and the
teacher get outside now
everyone i felt amazed i was like yeah
like that feeling
like that and i love the attention and
still to this day
i like the attention and it's like
that's why i you know i'll be honest
with you
i say and do a lot of stuff for
attention because i'm i'm trying to
catch up on the 10 years that i missed
and that's it doc so that's not like
that
yeah yeah so
do you think you're going to catch up oh
good question
oh god um i don't know i'm not thinking
about it too much but
um i i don't know you know a good
question
am i gonna catch up i don't know doc i
don't we have to see
yeah i mean yes i'm i mean
i'm getting infused we are i'm listening
that's
yeah um
it looks like she wants some attention
from dad yeah
there's been yeah she's a daddy's girl
um
there's been some trouble uh with
uh oh man don't press that button that's
the off button definitely don't press
that
go on um yeah no there's been she's
going for it
yeah no i'll make sure she doesn't okay
yeah no there's been some she's
more of a daddy's girl than
mum but it's uh yeah there's
trouble with i got pretty much
i don't get too much detail because it's
a bit private but i had um
i i we i was uh reported to
the social services do you have that in
america yeah
right great so someone i don't know who
reported me to the social services and i
was a
toxic abusive dad you know and they got
to take all the reports seriously
and they've been involved for the past
half a year and um
she gives me so she she's such a daddy's
girl
and her her mum they
it's it's not to say she don't treat her
mum the same way
so they're looking at like she's a
villain do you understand
they're looking at her your
mom her mom is a villain my ex yeah
because she
she's so daddy's girl if i was to go to
her school
she's ecstatic when she sees me when she
sees her mom she's like oh it's mum
but the social services are like
oh is there something going on here
you're like why is she so different
and they were telling me she can't
express herself so it's all up in the
air right now and they're really trying
to make her speak
because she can't speak right now so if
something is going on we don't know
do you know so i'm in a bit of a
even right she just came around the
other day there's another meeting next
tuesday
tomorrow so it's all interesting when
it's all just
drama gosh but how you how do you handle
that
ali what do you mean oh well i i can't
worry about it too much because i've got
a life to live i got provided i've got a
stream so i
i could spend all because my ex partner
she's been dating this guy for seven
months
and he's i'm sorry to say he's not a
nice guy he at all
right and the third and i'm not trying
to say you know when i want her to give
a nice guy but
i mean the first conversation i got of
this guy was him saying that he was
gonna
you know set my car fire and put me in
it you know he's he's nuts
but she likes him and i'm happy for him
to like him but i can't live my life
worrying when she's with her mum i can't
live my life like that or could because
let me tell you something smoking's bad
for you eating unhealthy food's bad for
you but let me tell you what's really
bad for you
worry and working worry you can legit
worry yourself to death you know that
doc
yeah right so pretty much why worry it's
not
i look after when she's with me when
she's with
yeah how do you do that though well
i just think to myself i'm even going to
spend the rest of my life until she's 18
worrying
or i just got to get on with it and and
be happy
and get on with the work so i can
provide for her because um
ali so so i i was under the impression
you had wanted to talk about sort of
moving on
yeah absolutely yeah can you tell me a
little bit about that
um okay so i've been on a lot
off with this girl for 10 years and um
and then about yeah seven months ago she
wanted to
she she just met this guy oh she met
this guy
and she's with him now and i hated her
for for like four to five months and i
oh i couldn't message her and you know
the school was like you gotta try and
make things right and be friendly to her
i couldn't find me i was just so toxic
to it i just hated how she just left me
and now i only see my daughter half time
but about two months ago something
happened
i woke up one day and there was no hate
there was nothing it was just civil and
i was like oh and that's when you know
you're over someone
isn't it because you don't hate them and
you don't love them you don't miss them
or hate them there's nothing it's just
oh
oh okay so now we're cool
we're fine and i'm happy for her to be
with any guy and that's it so
i've been happy for the past couple of
months i gave like
i bought her a pc for three thousand
pounds when she
when she left she was trying to take the
pc i was like hold up we're not married
i thought if you want that pc
it's going to cost you 1300 pounds right
and that was a great price
and then um she didn't want it i said
okay but then we made up and i was like
you know what
take it for 800 pounds which is an
amazing price if you saw the specs of
this thing
and um i don't mind giving her like i
just want it gone i just want
her to have it or i'm trying to do her
favors because that's when you know over
someone you don't hold grudges
you know so i could promise you i'm over
this girl
um but it is the um
mother of my child so i'm always gonna
have a connection with her she's always
gonna love
i'm really weird every girl i've ever
been with i wish them all well
i want them to do well you know i don't
hate any of them i don't
hate anybody because hey for me hate is
like when you hate someone
it's like why when you hate someone it's
like a pressure you go look over your
shoulders for all your life
you know so yeah but it took time it
took time it took about five to six
months
of getting there but it got there in the
end and i'm there's nothing now just i'm
happy with her so it's i mean it sounds
like you sort of sorted that out
yeah i didn't i don't know what happened
i just said to ryan who's my best friend
i said i just woke up one day and there
was no hate
and that is when you know your oversight
there was nothing i couldn't i didn't i
thought i had to think to myself when
was the last time i thought about that
girl oh three days ago
do you know how does that mean
time heals everything you know
or am i wrong i don't know man
yeah i think it's yeah that's kind of
depends on
on what you say right i mean i i think
it's quite remarkable that
you know you were filled with so much
hate and then one day you wake up and
it's gone
i just i exactly exactly
we i don't know what happened doc
yeah so it sort of makes sense i i think
i can understand why you would make up
for lost time
in terms of not speaking because it
seems like sometimes you wake up and
and your feelings just sort of sort
themselves out right
interesting time yeah for well everybody
everyone's different right so when it
comes to me getting over that girl i
i've just it might be different from
someone else but that's how i got over
it time hmm why is that
is that the wrong answer because you're
looking at me no it's it's not the wrong
answer i i
i ali i don't i don't have the right
answers i'm just curious because
you know a lot of times when we talk
gotta say something yeah yeah go ahead
um when i got banned on twitter 2016
because i've always had breakdowns i'd
always be emotional i'm either i'm
ecstatically
emotional so i went and got i'm gonna
saw a psychiatrist
and um and then i went to source i went
and saw a psychiatrist and within two
hours of
psych diagnosing me which was
obviously private it cost me 250 pounds
an hour which is like 320 bucks
an hour in that two hour period she
diagnosed me with bipolar
right so there's that and my nan was
also bipolar and uh pretty much let me
say this they put me on
mood stabilizers right calm the mood so
either take them before i slept
but then they were like okay after you
take the mood stabilizers we're going to
put you on um
um so called lithium right so i was like
okay now like i can lithium you gotta
take for the rest of your life okay i
was like okay sure let's do this
so they write me a um they got they've
got the right prescription
to be handed in to the um beyond the
till
to get this lithium so i take it there
and they turn around and go oh the
doctors forgot to sign it you have to go
take it back
and i know at that point i don't want to
sound i don't want to sound like
superstitious or anything like that i'm
not christian
but i believe there was a force out
there in life where that wasn't meant to
be
do you understand what i'm trying to say
doc so i didn't after she didn't sign it
i was like no it's no no this is
happening for a reason i'm not
i'm not going to be on this lithium
because that drug is like
that what i've been told that drug is a
strong drug that it's like
don't touch that button and that drug is
like dangerous and you've got to be on
it for life and it'll calm you right
down
i think they give it like people what
they'll consider what crazy
i know people get offended by the word
crazy but that lithium drug you should
know
it's like don't mix of that that's some
dangerous stuff
you know um be
right so i'll let you know so i i was
watching reckful's
you did interview with redford he's
bipolar two
not i'm not saying two is in oh he's
bipolar i'm saying
right type two bipolar right i i'm not
type two i'm just
but i get days doc where i'm like oh no
my viewers make fun of me oh you're
bipolar you're bipolar and they're like
guys guys guys i'm not i'm not and then
the next time going bloody i am i am and
then on stream i'm
happy i'm wonderful everything's great
and the next minute i'm they beat me
with the donations
they roast me that's what my streams are
me cooking me getting roasted pretty
much
and then i get so sad and so down and
it's just like the moods are like this
you know so i every day goes bump again
okay i think i am here i think i am but
you know everyone's different your own
ways so ali
you know just a couple of thoughts one
is does your mood fluctuate
like rapidly throughout days or are we
talking like
you'll be okay i never get it's very red
i get depressed by the way because i
don't have a bad diet it's very red i
get depressed
i i can't remember the last time i was
depressed like depressed i can't
remember
i don't think there's been a day i mean
my life's been going so i won't lie to
you the past
since july when i started streaming
again my life's been
perfect legit perfect and we're moving
house we're buying our first house and
we bought that
my dream car because my viewers and it's
like it's nothing else really
that i want out of life i'm single i'm
going to stay single by the way
forever i mean that i don't think i'm
ever going to get married and i know
we're going off onto a different
conversation
but i mean i'm so happy and content
i i don't relationships hurt you know
but i know it's
this shows about moving on but i'm
getting to a point where
relationships i feel like we're changing
doc and we could talk about that in a
minute if you want but um
as for my moods do my moods fluctuate a
lot
i'm i'm i don't know you'd have to watch
my vods i don't know
um i've never really thought about it
okay well uh yeah
tell me you mentioned something about so
it sounds like you've
gotten things figured out alex right
right
right so when you ask for the show i was
like okay i'm in good form i'm not like
i think i think life is perfect so when
you were like we're talking about
getting overrelationships i was like
okay i'm over the relationship
yeah so so tell me what this so now that
you have things figured out you said you
don't want to get
married no nothing okay right now just
hear me here because some people might
be watching the old fashioned
let me just hear me out and don't laugh
because this is what it is
60 years ago 70 years ago right if you
were to
want to sleep with someone you had to
marry him right okay and then times
changed and then in order to sleep with
someone you had to be
with them now that this day and age no
one cares
everybody seems anybody and no one gives
a [ __ ] right you got all these rappers
bragging about in their songs
the the men and the women and i feel
like we're in a generation now where
people are doing open relationships
people are just happy being free all the
time no one has the time for
relationships
and the past half year i've been dating
women but i never get with them and
i tell them that from the start and we
just enjoy our moments together
you know i think relationships and this
is just my opinion i don't want anyone
to get offended
right i think relationships are dying
out i just think people aren't doing
relationships because people don't have
the time for it
you can still spend time with someone
have a good time don't need to label it
you know i just don't feel and that's
for marriage marriage
wow i just think that's so old-fashioned
i don't think i'm ever going to get
married doc
and i thought you know because when
you're free and there's no label on it
it's lovely
you know there's there's a science
scientists say that us human beings are
aren't born to be with each other
forever only dolphins are
is that a true fact or am i am i reading
fake news
yeah i mean i i think i think human
beings have been
oftentimes monogamous in the history of
humanity
and and i think that so that means that
people have been and committed
one-on-one relationships for a lot of
humanity and i don't tend to think that
like human beings
are one way so i think that we have
tendencies to be
in you know relationships that are more
open and we have tendencies to be in
relationships that are more committed
and i don't think like humanity i i
think either side that says
oh science says that open relationships
are bad
or scion says that open uh committed
relationships are bad i think neither of
those people really understand science
because it's like we're complex human
we're complex organisms that's been my
understanding and i think if it works
for you i i think that's fine i think um
you know like like you said so it sounds
like they're a lot of work
and that um you you tend to find a lot
of enjoyment
out of kind of more temporary
relationships
right and and so marriage sounds like
headache and bondage every the thing is
doc
every time you've got to remember this
you're smart i'm dumb
right simple as that so when you're
talking words to me
i like how you're talking to me you
you've got to get to my level because
otherwise i'm not going to understand
you
right i know you're very extremely smart
i got you um but let me say this
and i'm going to be honest um every time
i you know i'm very open book every time
i get
and i don't mean to brag i've i've been
with 22 women 23 women
right in my life right when it comes to
sleeping with the whole way that's not
including other
foreplay okay all these women that i've
been with
i can promise you i and i'm not bragging
every woman i get with they always try
and get me in the relationship with them
right and so most of my relationships
i've landed in the relationship without
even wanting to be there
you know you know how it can be if
you're a nice guy
one of these women or guys they you know
they give you
and next you know it you're in a
relationship you're moving it together
now let's talk about marriage and you
didn't consent to it it just kind of
fell into place
and i always fought for that trap it
happened all my life i'm 28.
it's happened all my life so now i'm
like no no no i need to start being more
you got to be cruel to be kind to doc
you know that you know that
what does that mean you got to be cool
to be kind you've got to be cruel to be
kind
to be kind okay okay so if you're always
nice if you there's a girl that you like
and she likes you and you make out
that's fantastic
if she if you have consent sex with each
other fantastic but she might get the
incentive that you want to be with her
and you got to tell her from the get-go
actually
this isn't you've got to hurt her a bit
to let know where she stands if you
don't tell her
that hey this is only you know us dating
temporary
she's going to get led on and she's
going to get hurt way worse
rather than telling her now yeah it's
best to be cruel to be kind
early you understand that it's happening
no no it's not but it's just saying it
it sounded cool i said it no i mean i
i think it makes sense that you know it
sounds to me that being
sort of honest and transparent about
what your intentions are towards a
relationship is absolutely a good thing
even as soon as you make it out as soon
as you get to know each other
put it out on the table that's my advice
to your viewers if you want to get with
a girl or a guy
just let them know where you stand
straight away don't get yourself
block going don't go blindly because if
you do you're going to be ended up in a
relationship can i explain this
my daughter do you want to know how that
happened right sure three years
three years ago i was with this spanish
woman
i got bad on twitch i went to spain i
had a spanish girlfriend which i didn't
want to be with but we landed in a
relationship like we're talking about
we finally broke up and it was kind of
messy i then had an italian girlfriend
who funny enough i made up with lot
last night i had so we we dated and that
ended
terrible because drama and then straight
after i
got with um the mother of mother of my
child right so we
hooked up on on on a couple of occasions
just for
just for sex and she was you know the
truth is she didn't plan on getting
pregnant she didn't know she can get
pregnant because she
was she was convinced she couldn't get
pregnant and then
she was we were friends and she was
looking for accommodation so she stayed
with me because i was being nice because
i'm a nice guy
and then the first i moved into this
house doc i'm cleaning my car
i'm looking up i talked to my neighbours
i looked up i said thank you god
i've got my supra which is my sports car
i looked up and thank you god nothing
can ruin this moment
i turned around i opened the door and
she went i'm pregnant
while holding a pregnancy stick so i
said
yeah yeah and i said [ __ ] you and she
she was like
shocked like this like but no no no
seriously [ __ ] you because i don't i
don't really believe in abortion right
so i was so upset i cried i never i
never cried i went to my mum's i said
mom i don't want this i can't be a dad
i'm
terrible um and my mum really loved her
so my mom was like
encouraging it which is another note to
all the viewers out there
don't don't force yourself to stay with
someone if you don't want to be
of them it's not right right you connect
because you're gonna they're
you're wasting your time and you're
wasting their time and that's what i
learned with my ex
ally your camera's just a touch blurry
i'm sorry yeah so
so aly i want to kind of dig into one
thing maybe
so you say that you you land into
relationships and then you also said
that one day you kind of wake up
and then there was like no more hatred
so i'm kind of noticing that like
sometimes
they're just the language that you use
almost makes it sound like
you know things sort of happen outside
of your
intentions or control
[Music]
sorry ask me the question one more time
there wasn't even a question there i'm
just making an observation that
sometimes the way that you talk about
things you sort of say like i
i you know you wind up in a relationship
yep that's right
it and it's you make it sound like the
weather you know right
and and also like when it comes to your
mood you kind of mention that you know
one day you woke up and
and your hatred was gone and that too it
sort of sounds like a roll of the dice
yeah yeah yeah so i'm just i'm just
wondering whether there's some value
into digging into like
how do things happen in your life and
like what role do you play in them
because it's kind of interesting right
because if people could learn
what happened to you right so my life's
i've always just gone into life blindly
i've never had enough structure it's
only been recently where i'm like okay
i'm gonna stream every day right i'm
gonna have my best friend
look out for me and he's gonna help me
and we're just going to
focus on no relationships going i'm
having a good time every couple of
weekends
right we can't do every weekend so i've
got my daughter on on the weekends on
the week where i have her
and right now it's just full focus
twitch all in
with our chips twitch tv right so for
the first time in my life because i'm
now 28 i've just realized to have
structure but before the past 28 years
i've just been doing life blindly and
i've been that's why i've been
so with relationships jumping in in and
out
in and out there's been drama there's
been hatred but for the first time
you need you definitely need in your
life like a um
a plan like a routine or yeah an idea of
where you want your life to go
what do you want start planning now
where do you want to be in a couple of
years time
yeah so so can you tell me how do you
how do you
like how did you wind up in a
relationship
the last one yeah sure anyhow okay so we
she obviously was pregnant and she was
with with her
and there were talks hooks of abortion
and even though we were both against it
it and anyone watching could say they're
against abortion but the second that you
are in that predicament where you have
someone pregnant
you you start thinking maybe i'm not so
much against it do you understand doc
sure do you understand because it's
different when you're in that position
as an outsider from the outside right
exactly so their ward talks about it um
and believe it or not
this the day that and we this is going
to sound horrible but the day that
it was like a couple of months into it
of of because it takes months here in
the uk
all the way sorry to sound rude but the
abortion clinic here in the uk
is like a month waiting period because i
guess people just love unprotected sex
right so we were lined up to do that
which sounds horrible that she's here
now but back then
she wasn't existed we didn't know of her
so i don't want people watching thinking
oh that's horrible she's right there
she wasn't even around it was nothing it
wasn't a you know
so the day that it was meant to happen
tell me why doc the alarm didn't go off
i don't know why
don't ask me why you know she was gonna
said the alarm it never went off
right so pretty much i got up i was
upset like oh my god
are you crazy we can't be adults you
know i'm a childish idiot and i'm not
ready for this
so she starts crying and i thought and i
was so nice i was like [ __ ]
i can't put this stress on her because
if you stress out a woman who's pregnant
you can ruin their
body you know that right you can ruin a
body where they can't even have babe
because the stress of
so i gave her a hug i said it's fine
don't worry about it we have to
reschedule
but i never did reschedule we never did
reschedule next thing you know what doc
she's got a bump and it's growing and i
just put it off i was like you know what
you know this because twitch were on
banning me at the same time
and twitch were like look we want to
give a really clean profile i was like
no problem
i can't have all the structure so next
thing now that she's you know she's
i became overweight by the way that's
another thing i came really overweight
and my fans hated me like they made fun
of me and
with the overweight and all that bad
food because when my
when my girlfriend was pregnant that
women have cravings they crave a lot of
food
i was eating the craving food as well
like the fast food the mcdonald's the
kfc's
and then pretty much next you know she
gave birth fantastic
that was great and then in that year
period of
uh my daughter being brought up being
alive i was i forced myself to stay in
that relationship
to do the right thing i got to be a
parent i got to step up i've got to
stand this relationship now this is my
life
and in that year doc was the worst year
of my life i loved my daughter
but forced myself self to stay of that
woman when i didn't want to be in a
relationship it wasn't toxic i just
it was so hard um and then
because i didn't want to be with the
woman i wanted to be free
i always like being free and a lot of
these and i'm not trying to
i'm not at all sexist at all but a lot
of the women i get with
they see my freedom and they want to
just take me and shove me in a cage and
hold me there
there's a people people have this thing
of where to control other people
and i hate being controlled i get so
angry i mean i was just
dating a woman last month from wales and
she was 38 10 years on me
and she we i knew for a week doc one
week
and she started saying where are you
where are you going why are you out who
are you with and i just said back up
man back up i'm not doing this because i
just hate people that
control people is that like an
insecurity thing i just don't like
people that control other people and
i've been controlling my life
but yeah controlling you in your life
man every girl i've ever got with man i
i
can't there's only been one girl i've
ever wanted to be with and that was my
ex-girlfriend
in 2014 to 15 which ended up cheating on
me which i deserved it because
i was so naive doc i could tell you
stories and blow your mind but i've been
i've gone through everything but you
know what i only blame myself
i i was so naive i used to invite all
these guys around all my fans
right and she had real depression i'm
not talking everyone has
everyone watching my depression we've
all suffered from depression but
you don't know depression until you meet
someone who's
severely depressed where every day is a
mission
every day they're crying every day they
have to take the antidepressants
can i ask you one or two questions go
ahead
so i'm kind of curious about no i i love
your stories man i love listening to you
talk
you're a really good storyteller right
yeah but all my fans think they're fake
but they're not fake i swear to you go
on
no i don't think they're fake man thank
god thank god
um so so you know it's interesting
because you kind of talk
it's almost like fate right so like
you're talking about these things like
you know the the morning that you were
scheduled
you met you the alarm got unplugged like
during the when you got prescribed the
lithium somewhat
and so i'm just i'm kind of noticing
that it i can't
tell ali whether you're in control of
your life
doc i'm convinced i'm confident and i
don't want to sound crazy or like
insane but i'm convinced that there's
it's a stimulation like the matrix that
i'm the only real person here and i'm
being watched by eight
billion trillion aliens in my brain and
i'm just a puppet and they're just
everyone around me is not real that's
what i'm convinced do you understand
what i mean by that like how do i know
that you're real how do i know she's
real
it could all be a simulation because
everything is just happening for a
reason
right so i don't sound nuts but you must
understand where i'm coming from right
yeah because everything's happened for a
reason and i believe this and i said
this to ryan i'm so
glad my twitch career has been dead for
the past three years because
i didn't want her mother my child to be
involved in it because i feel like
it wasn't meant to be it's only started
taking off the past couple of months doc
i'm gonna be honest with you
yeah so how does that feel when you say
faked you scared the hell out of me
because i used to play league of legends
and there was a catholic twisted fate
and i don't sound cringy but he's like a
card master who believes in fate it's
just weird that he said the word fate
it is like fake my life is like fake
everything has happened for a reason
you're scaring me doc yeah yeah yeah so
i mean what's up with that
don't ask me i don't i don't every let
me tell you this right now there is
nothing in my life i would change
right now at this moment there's nothing
zero
life's perfect my best friend and me are
working together
my daughter and me have got the closest
relationship
all the streamers like me i mean my fat
and my viewers
they make the content all i got to do is
turn up and cook
who's responsible for that ally
everything in your life is going well
right so
should i tell you what it is positivity
every if you're in life if you're a
positive person
everybody's positive let me give you an
example if you turned up to
a car dealership right and you want to
buy a car
if you turn up or being negative they're
not going to want to do business with
you if you're all positive and like oh
i'm going to work a lot i'm going to do
this
they might give you that load on that
car because they believe in your
positivity
if you go around all being negative no
one wants to be your friend
knows to do business no one's to get to
know you you've got to be positive to
to have positivity in your life and
honest to god i'm always smiling
i swear to you honest to god and
yeah that sounds powerful right but let
me tell you this though doc
shall i tell you why sure diet you don't
understand
doc i don't want to sound like a crazy
person but my god
the government should ban white pasta
white rice
white bread it should all be permanently
but and i don't want to my dad's turkish
i'm not but red meat
red meat should be bad it's so unhealthy
for you it makes you feel terrible next
day
it's just as bad as alcohol are you i'm
not i'm not religious
but i've i've been fat and i've been
thin and i'm telling you now
diet is effing i i've experimented this
100 times
if i was to eat a bowl of rice tonight
and then wake up tomorrow i'd feel
drained i feel terrible i feel depressed
legit i feel
my brain what do you eat
i eat chicken like not i like fried
chicken but just
cooked chicken with seeds walnuts
almonds salad spinach eggs
i've got all the time i prefer a salad
any time
all the time and i feel so strong when i
eat it and it makes me feel
give it a try flush out your system
don't eat anything bad for 24 hours only
eat healthy and you'd feel
so good but you've got to eat you've got
to eat some fats as well because fats
fats are designed to make you feel good
but not too much fats
yeah avocado or if you want to eat
chocolate have a bit of chocolate
at the end of the day reward yourself or
have a couple of sugars in your tea you
know but that's the truth
it's all about diet people ask me a lot
if you look at my instagram i
did a transformation i was the if you go
back i would
my face look like a bumblebee like i was
stung by a bumblebee
three years ago because i i was 14 stone
i'm now 10 eight yeah i know you don't
do stuff you do kilograms but
you can google it yeah yeah yeah yeah
right so pretty much
one stone is like 20 pounds 14 pounds
okay so you're right you're 20 stone
no 14 stone 14 stone okay right so now
10 stone eight so 10 stone eight pounds
one stone yeah so pretty much either way
i've always got energy
people think i'm on cocaine all the time
i've never done drugs i've only smoked
marijuana twice and that was in
california twitchcon last year
and pretty much i'll tell your viewers
right now if you're fighting depression
or anxiety
number one rule i'd say to you is look
at your diet and tell me that isn't your
diet doing that to you
give it a day where you don't eat bread
or pasta or or rice
give it a try and just eat the right
foods and chicken is amazing fish
amazing but yeah that's the one thing
i'd say so back to the question
um who's doing all this to you first was
me
and it's my diet and everything else i i
don't get angry
ever i've never if something back my
daughter spilled
um porridge all over me i just kind of
laughed and wiped it off here's a funny
story
last week i had a white car right it was
my exes but i bought it for her
i gave it to the dealership and they
were like hey we're gonna offer you
sixteen thousand one hundred pounds for
this i said sure
i take it because i sold it to him and
then the next day
the evaluation of the car went up to 17
000 pounds but did i get angry did i get
upset i laughed and said ha ha that's
funny that's just
life and carried on normally if i had a
bad diet i'd be upset i'd be
crying i'd be like oh my god i lost 900
pounds
you know so yeah sure i don't i never
get angry over anything anymore
you know some people already when was
last time you were angry
oh
ryan he doesn't know
um was as far as angry oh oh when that
girl tried controlling me a few weeks
ago
in in wales yeah so i met
i met this guy on a sat i met this girl
on a friday we got together she's you
know to the third year your daughter
wants a cookie
oh she wants another cookie okay okay i
know how to wet diet but you know she's
got a high metabolism and a tiffany will
fall out anyway so let's
rock on right she likes the oreos
there you go right there you go
yep so um so pretty much it the last
time i was angry doc
was pretty much yeah about
two months ago for three four weeks
about four weeks ago
i met this guy on a friday we had a
great time i went out on a saturday it
was an amazing time
on the sunday she went and saw her kids
and she started messaging me hi
who are you with i'm with business
people who are they i said i just met
them
can you send me a video of them please
no i can't do that so i went to the
toilet to send her a voice note
why are you in the toilet floor why why
are you hiding something from me i got
so
angry doc because she's trying to
control me i've only known this girl
for a few nights and she was oh i was so
angry because i just hate
i have a vendetta against people that
control other people
oh uh dark it's one thing that i i'm so
angry
i just because i i'm free i'm free i'm
like a bird
i'm free i'm soaring and seeing all
these other caged
birds or people caging their birds that
angers me
i don't like seeing men control women i
don't wanna see women control
men i just think guys every time i go
out for a night out and i go out a lot
doc it's what that's how i stay happy
because i socialize a lot
it's not we're animals us humans we're
animals we need to socialize
yeah right i know that coverts going on
it's tricky i understand that but there
are ways
to talk to people so when i go out and
you can ask my best friend ryan when we
go out
every time we see married people or
couples they both
sit there on their phones like this
sitting down like that they don't have a
conversation and i'm thinking look how
miserable
these people are and they're together
and you know that together coming
together
they're trying to be a little fantastic
and that's fanta i'm sure they're happy
but to me i'm thinking i've been in
relationships i'm 28. i know these
people
want more but they're two that they they
do they you know what they do
they get into this um they stuck in a
rut you understand yeah so
when was so you said that you've got a
vendetta against people trying to
control you
control people and and when did that
vendetta start
my first girlfriend that took my
virginity
yeah yeah yeah
but every girl i get with doc they try
and control me like that i honestly i
swear to you
i am not joking i'm not memeing i swear
every girl i get with
i don't want to brag every girl i get
with
okay put it like this are you ready for
this doc there's a girl
i was just with a girl on um
last weekend last weekend on the sunday
i was with this girl
she's married for five years we've been
on two dates
and she was contemplating she even told
me there and then
she would happily leave her husband and
start relationship with me
because every time i meet a girl i'm so
oh
i just i've gotten i hide nothing i've
got no walls
and every time they want to get to know
me more they want to lock me down and i
get scared off
yeah why do you think they're going to
lock you down so much
because i don't want to brag i know
because i don't brag but i'm
i've got nothing to hide and women love
a guy that doesn't [ __ ] i don't
i don't i don't i don't lie to anybody
i'm very open book and women
could see right through me they see okay
he's got something good going for
himself
let me get some of that that's the truth
but in this business i'm in
twitch me as a whole i can't
afford to get with any woman i can't
settle down i can't do it because
my life gets insanely boring simple as
that
my my the peak of my my viewers they
love me
a lot 90 of my viewers doc a lot nice of
my viewers i
have work have school uh they live in
other countries
they haven't got any money they can't go
out there they got social anxiety
and they watch me and i have to live my
life and tell them the stories
and they get a feel for it that's the
truth doc okay
i want my i want my viewers to live
through me that's it
ally can i think for a second anything
you want
thank you
is there something i can help you with
i said to you my life's perfect i
thought we were going to talk about
moving on in relationships
which sounds like you've moved on yeah
life's good like what can i say i think
i've got i'm not well
to you i've nailed life and that's it
all i want to do is stream every day
i mean it yeah you seem very happy
and you can't you would see through me
if i was faking it right you would see
right through me
you would see you would know if i'm
lying to you right now right
uh i thought maybe you could get a sense
of people right okay yeah
what i'm trying to say is i'm not lying
i'm not trying to say
you know i don't have any issues i've
been through a lot
but right now i don't even like to think
about it i can talk about it
but yeah honestly yeah
yeah so aly can i can i share what i
what i am getting from you
go ahead i'm always so so i i think i
mean you do sound very genuinely happy i
i think you
you know you've you've sort of figured
out
what you want and and you know you're
kind of living life and i think you're
making the most of life i think
you kind of roll with the punches right
that's it
and and so i i really see that i i think
um
i'm a little bit uh you know i think
there's
there's something to be said of
sort of the fate right so i i don't know
exactly how to understand that
um but i i do think it's kind of
interesting because you know yeah
honestly ali and let me know i i don't
mean to offend you or anything would you
remind me obviously
i'll get i can't get offended you've got
to [ __ ] i'm the most
undefeatable person you could offend you
could call me anything you want go ahead
no so
you kind of remind me of a b a
like a b like a wasp slash b yeah yeah
yeah like a b like you're kind of like
moving from flower to flower
right right like if you think about like
if you think about the existence of a
bee it's like it's kind of like
happy-go-lucky and it's sort of like
you're
kind of going over here today like we're
on this flower we're gonna appreciate
all of its beauty we're gonna just you
know do what we're doing today and then
you kind of flip to the next flower
you kind of flip to the next flower now
i'm hearing i'm hearing notes of of you
really trying to structure your life
and trying to actually like be dedicated
to something which is very not be like
you know then it's it's more like you're
you're kind of like really kind of
focused on building something
you're dedicated to streaming streaming
every day you're dedicated to building
structure for your daughter you have her
one week on one week off
so you're you're not you know in a sense
i think a b is a little bit unfair but i
kind of see both of these sides of you
one is like
you know live for today be with the
person that you're with
enjoy yourself on any given day
be with the woman that you're with and
then you know
sometimes you feel very very concerned
about getting caged
and it seems like there's something
indescribably attractive
to to women about you because once they
get a taste of ali they can't
they need a little bit more people dog
people gonna say
people are gonna say cap all the time
but doc
you gotta see it in person you've gotta
see it in person you're gonna see a
person
i think so man i i believe you dude i i
think that there's
you know i think you're a very
charismatic positive sort of guy right
right the thing that i sometimes wonder
a little bit about is that you know
you're you're talking about
feeling perfect in the here and now and
that makes sense i think you're
genuinely very happy
but what i'm also getting the sense of
is that that you know that
there can be sunny days and there can be
cloudy days
right right and and that like everything
is fine until
you feel controlled or until and then
something will really upset you
or you know even if you kind of talk a
little bit about like the story of
of how you discovered that you're you
know that i don't even know what to call
her your ex-girlfriend
or was pregnant and and so you know
there are a lot of
ups and downs right and so i i think
and and a lot of times people will call
this bipolar i'm not i don't really know
i mean i have to i'd have to ask you a
bunch of questions i'm not so sure that
you're bipolar
but because it seems to me that you're
so just a quick
uh take a step back and and here's my
understanding of bipolar
a lot of people think about bipolar as
um you know like you're like you have a
good day and then you have a bad day and
you're happy one minute and you're
really angry the next minute that's not
really
bipolar that's what we call emotional
lability
which means that your emotions can rise
and fall very quickly
right um bipolar disorder what i really
think of is
is episodes that last days weeks or even
months at a time
of being depressed or manic or hypomanic
and so the closest thing that i can kind
of get to is that you know you
you know that's possible that you had
that mood episode for four to five
months
after your uh ex-girlfriend kind of
broke up with you or whatever like six
seven months ago and you said you one
day you woke up and you just felt better
that actually is the thing that makes me
think the most about any
i mean but that just could be you know
it doesn't have to be
an illness or anything it's just you
know you had a bad situation where it
sounds like your ex-girlfriend cheated
on you and you were
breathing and unhappy and it sounds like
an appropriate
sadness to me um the interest i'm going
to get is from you
yeah i don't i don't want to hold that
fault it's going to sound crazy and i
say this to my viewers all the time
but i really do believe i've never done
cocaine and i've never i've only smoked
marijuana twice in california i'm not a
drunk i'd like to get drunk i don't
i have a cupboard stashed with alcohol i
don't touch it i'm not craving it i
never have never will
but the thing is i really do think i've
got a healthy diet and i
think and i don't want to make people
think i've got the biggest ego but i
think
i'm an example of the perfect human
being and when people see me all happy
they think oh you're bipolar because
you're way too happy or you're way too
loud or you're way too confident you're
bipolar i don't think i am i think i'm
an example of a perfect human being we
said people think oh look at this guy
he's got a huge ego he must be bipolar
so people just can't understand me
because i'm i don't
drug my body i don't i look after i work
out
and uh i just want to share of you i
really do believe to myself
i'm an example of what everyone should
be like a healthy minded positive
thinking person
and that's just what i feel so i i also
don't think i'm bipolar
enough that you're telling me well
you're what do you think this would be
survived by bipolar
for sure i don't know if you're bipolar
or not i was definitely i was definitely
definitely
looking i came in i got battle twitch i
went into that psychiatrist
angry looking for any answer why am i
like this why am i
and she diagnosed me within two hours
which is way too short for a diagnosis
in my opinion and on top of that do you
know what they did to my driver's
license
they they made it from like a 20-year
license to like a one-year license we
have to renew every year
so i go back to the doctors and i'm like
take that bipolar off my record right
now and they're like we can't do that
sir
it's like cancer once it's on the record
it's on there for life i was like oh
we'll take it off
because i don't want my driver's license
revoked every year so they've now made
it a three-year license so every three
years i've got to get tested
to make sure i'm i'm fit enough to draw
allie let me just be very clear i i'm
not removing bipolar from your chart
because i don't really know if you're
bipolar or not all i'm saying is that
so far i think a lot of times people
confuse something called emotional
ability with bipolar disorder right
and and bipolar disorder is a period is
really characterized by weeks or
months of feeling a particular mood
level
yeah and then you switch for once again
weeks to months
i still now what i'm hearing from you is
that and
and i i get what you're saying about you
know being a perfect human being
but what i'm what i'm hearing from you
is that you're a perfect human
you're a perfect human being some of the
time
right did i say that no
but that's what i'm guessing um
well in the past few months with my
streaming streaming and all that
effort's
fantastic like i've got everything that
i want in life so i'm always
high you understand yeah so what happens
when you don't have something that you
have in life
like my twitch channel my twitch channel
that i told you it was the worst doc
never get yourself banned on twitch i
you
yeah uh i could explain i couldn't i
could it brings back
like that i i need do you know what it
is the attention
it's i'm at a party i you know what it's
it's a race
right now we're in a race 100 meter
sprint all these streamers are lining up
and i'm in the race
before that a channel i'm not in that
race i've got to sit from the sidelines
that's what it's like i can't compete so
so that that's what concerns me a little
bit is that like so if we
if okay let me just can i think for a
second before while i
collect my thoughts okay i'm gonna view
and put the kettle on
i'm all is yeah i'm just thinking
i love what you do doc gotta say as you
think love what you do
best stream i'll tell you
thanks ally i appreciate that man
yeah so ali here's the really confusing
thing
so i i i think i think a lot of what you
say
makes a lot of sense i don't disagree
with you really much at all i think that
you
um i'm not surprised that i love that
um i i'm not surprised that many women
want more of a relationship with you
than
you want with them i i don't think that
uh i think that you've discovered a
couple of really important things about
your mood and diet and things like that
um and i i do think that at times you
have um
you know a really wonderful energy about
you uh
you know you're positive you're
charismatic you're funny you're a good
storyteller
all those things are great um the thing
yeah yeah yeah there's a there's the
other shoe coming so get ready for it
so so here's the only thing that really
concerns me ali is that that it seems
like a lot of this stuff is dependent
on things outside of your control so
this is what's really interesting is
that you know when i ask you about
it you know why are you feeling so good
about yourself i think you've discovered
a couple things that absolutely are in
your control right
so your diet staying positive waking up
every day and saying okay i'm going to
focus on stream and then stream kind of
does well
and like reinforces you so it's kind of
interesting because you're
you're you're like i think you're
halfway i mean i i agree with you
a hundred percent but i i feel like
something's missing there's something
incomplete
and i think what this comes back to is
is sort of this idea of like attention
seeking
and that's the best way i'm gonna
describe it is that it seems to me
um ali that a lot of the way that you
feel is dependent on your circumstances
so like when yeah for example like today
when my daughter had a bit of a
temperature and she couldn't go to
school i couldn't stream i was
really upset i was so frustrated and
flustered
and i'm so oh and i was sitting there
going my fans are going to kill me
they're going to think i'm lying
you know i'm ditching yeah good example
and you're right
yeah now i'll keep going i'm listening
yeah so so
you know if we think about 10 year old
you that that um
when your teacher says okay kids
everyone take your seats and then you
say [ __ ] you miss
and then everyone laughs then you feel
amazing right
can i just go back a second yeah i would
be more like cheeky i i
you know i said that but back in school
i would say like when i was 10 11 12
you could ask anybody went to my school
i'd say miss i've woke up miss you got
really nice tits today
i should go ally get out right now and
she would laugh but i would go out so it
wasn't like a toxic
it was like a yeah i was yeah but go on
carry on i don't want to come across as
like a toxic but go on
no yeah so so i i don't
i i'm just noticing that i think a lot
of what your mood or
just how you feel about yourself and a
lot of your positivity
seems to be dependent on
certain aspects of the outside world and
especially
like sort of the esteem of other people
and that you know if if things are going
well on twitch or you're able to stream
or stuff like that you feel really good
about yourself
but if you're kind of isolated if you're
back to being like the kid that you were
when you were growing up where you were
sort of like
you know people sort of didn't treat you
with respect and stuff like that
it kind of makes it so you kind of
don't feel so good about yourself which
is normal right so like we respond
um to how we get treated
yeah i'm with you you're right but is
that a bad thing though
is it like no i mean everyone's like me
so so
everyone's like that right so if people
make fun of me then i'm gonna feel bad
about myself
and if if people treat me well i'm gonna
feel good about myself
i think some people are more or less
responsive to the esteem of others
okay right so so what i'm curious about
and i
and this is the thing is i think when
you're positive i can see why people
sort of would
use the term bipolar to describe you
because
it seems to me that you know a lot of
times you're like you're
as you put it a perfect human being um
and and you know pardon me ally but i i
don't think that you're
uh i i don't think you're enlightened or
something like the buddha or
christ or anyone like that so i i don't
think you're actually perfect
i think you're perfect the way you are
um
and at the same time i wonder like when
you're feeling less than perfect like
what does that look like and where does
that come from
and how do you buffer yourself
how do you okay i'm gonna tell you now
i am addicted to feeling good and
looking good
addicted so much addicted that about two
years ago
someone changed the forehead emote to a
free head emote
right you know when some brits on
british talks and the whole chat spam's
free head
my teeth were scuffed before right i
when people started smacking free head
to me
i went and got my teeth knocked out by a
dentist and got fake teeth put in like
you see my teeth now
they're all fake let me get up there but
and let me tell you why
right because number one i'm insecure as
hell not anymore i used to be
since i've changed everything i know i
look like yeah i'm not scared anymore
but look you see that
they're not real okay yeah now because
they were all scuffed before but let me
tell you this as well
so much so and i mentioned my dad's
turkish that my
viewer base grew of me having a big bent
nose i thought it was big
it was bent it was like a witch it was
like have you played the sims
you know the character the game the sims
you can create a character you could
change their eyes their eyelashes
their cheeks the jewel but it looks like
god made gave me a really big nose and
it was a doc it wasn't like a bit no it
was like oh my god that guy's got a huge
nose it doesn't suit him
so the first thing i did was it cost me
five grand i got a nose job right
there's no scarring they went underneath
the nose so i won't lie to you i'm
addicted now
to looking good feeling good and i weigh
myself every day i am very conscious of
what i eat if i was to eat cheese
or like a slice of pizza that's like two
pounds on there and i need to lose that
weight
but i and this is a problem i've got
where i'm addicted to looking and
feeling good
i've got grey hairs i have a gray hair
so much so i have to get my hair
dyed like oh this is like you see this
like a silver blonde thing going on
because that's who i am and honestly it
feels amazing but if that was to be
if if i do slip or if i do look bad i
feel
terrible i feel horrible no one's
looking at me
no one likes the way i look at is it a
bad thing doc is it a bad thing
i think so oh you think it is yeah
right why yeah great question and i'm
sorry i'm just being transparent with
you
so i i think that at some point so what
i'm hearing is that you're your
your your esteem of yourself is
dependent on
external things right the way that you
feel about yourself
right right but that's then you're right
go on carry on
no go for it you want to say something
and i won't lie i don't know this is why
i'm like this because this is one
question i've got myself i've done one
like this
but doc i'd like and i don't know
it's a problem it's an addiction i am
addicted to
um what's the what i'm looking for here
um i'm very uh materialistic
and i like it i wear it and i like it i
like i don't think it's just
materialistic yeah so um
have you have you seen the car just
bought it's a big
black jaguar f-pace suv and
it when you if you look at it you're
going to say that is a [ __ ] extension
well nothing wrong by penis stock i can
promise you nothing don't need it's fine
it's a great size
but you'd look at it and think why there
are there are 23 women that
get a taste of it and want more right so
right
so either way my point is i don't know
this one i know myself really well but i
don't know why i'm so addicted to
materialistic things i always
how does it make you feel to have that
it annoys me
i told you this it angers me so much
when i see all these streamers that are
millionaires
and they don't even they don't
show their communities what they've what
what their viewers have bought them it
annoys me it makes me
angry i don't know why i get some people
to be private for their own security i
get that
but for me every time if i'm going to
build something i want to say guys
you bought me this and so right now
we're going to buy a house and i can't
wait to move in i can't wait to show my
viewers to a
store like you guys got me this and i
just said i've got something wrong with
me there
so how did it make you feel when i
bought that car do you want to know the
truth yeah
okay so the first i bought that car i
felt amazing it felt great i showed
everyone i felt on top of the world
the next day doc and it still feels the
same way i
don't i don't even feel like i own the
car it feels like it's not even there
i'm like i want my house now
i want a dual garage with a driveway
with a gated with gates i want security
i want a cctv i want big girls i want a
i want my friends with me i want my dad
for me i want a big house just to say
that
also to say to my ex and this is about
moving on but it's just
i want it to all the girls i've ever
dated to say haha [ __ ] you
look what you could have got it's like
bragging rights i i'm not i don't choose
to be like that
but that's how i feel so maybe there is
a second one with me you can tell me
why am i like this
yeah let me let me just think about how
to answer that oh good
so allie what i'm noticing is that like
so you've got this car right it's an
awesome car fantastic oh i've got a
super
okay go on okay so and and i
i think it like it makes sense that you
know you're happy and you want to share
that with your viewers because you're
the viewers of the ones that enabled you
to get that car like totally makes sense
right
it makes me feel really good when i'm
out going to bars and clubs and
hotels and i'm pulling up in the best
car they're like hahaha
wankers yeah not a sounding mature but
we're going to get everyone out on the
table now
is this a problem of mine i it's how i
feel i don't know why i'm like what i
think
why like this i think so i think it is a
problem
as a poor kid i was brought up i didn't
get any pocket money we lived in a
caravan
a cat and guess what my mom still lives
in the caravan like proper
proper eight mile a
m m yeah i'm not joking
okay i never had my own bedroom
bedroom for my sisters yeah i'm gonna
say something it's gonna be a little bit
judgmental okay do it and i think we
sort of we got
to this in the first few minutes but so
you're making up
for being a shy kid who didn't have his
own bedroom
grew up in a caravan with bad teeth and
a mom who
slept around and and now to make
that like on the inside that kid is
there
and so the more that you make yourself
perfect on the outside
the more you get your t3 done get your
nose done
dye your hair drive a fancy car the more
you can ignore forget or no longer be
that kid i'm not going to cry but yeah i
think that i think you're right is
you've just blown my mind
i think you're damn right i hated that
me yeah
you got it and i'm not yeah i'm not
ashamed of that i'm not i'm actually
more proud of you i
am now i'm more proud of who i am now
than that i'm like that's definitely not
me
but yeah you you yeah but but so but tha
so here's here's the problem right so
ali you
you try so hard to not be that kid
which makes sense and at the same time
like i don't think there's anything
wrong with that kid
right that kid like he's just he did the
best that he could given the
circumstances that he had
and like sure that kid can grow into
like
a successful man who takes care of
himself
and like eats properly and goes out of
his way to take care of his daughter and
like is an awesome dad
and streams on twitch and tries to
provide positivity to people and give
back
and and you don't have to be ashamed of
that kid
the reason i think this stuff is bad ali
is because when you buy the jaguar you
feel awesome for a day
and then the next day it's like what's
next yeah
yeah yeah yeah right yeah and so you get
a nose job
and then you feel amazing and then it's
like oh [ __ ] i got to get my teeth done
next time yep yep yep all my viewers
know that that's
i or they ah yeah you've now there and
also as my daughter let me say this
my dad wasn't there for me my i wish my
dad was there for me i always wanted my
dad to turn up to school
and to see me and i wanted always i
always want to spend days with my dad i
always wanted
my dad to come to school to pick me up
in his car he had the same car
i've currently got the supra and i
always wanted that but he never did
and that's why when i talk to her school
now i'm the best parent there and all
the kids look at me and they wish that i
was that i was the dad and all the proud
parents look at me and i'm like
but yeah so i'm being the dad that my
dad want there for me
i'm being that dad for her and yeah
that's the truth
um but yeah you're nailing this you're
really good at what you do
but i'm really tough i'm crying on the
inside but i'm not going to shot on the
outside i'm not going to do it
but yeah right so there it is again
because because what you see
what you s what we see on the outside is
so important to you
right is that bad though it's not
i generally speaking i i hope you don't
stay that way i think it's fine
we're all that way and then the question
is do we want to be a different way
because he let me put it to you this way
ali you're you're gonna you're gonna
model like your daughter's gonna learn a
lot from you
okay and so do you wanna teach her that
if her nose doesn't look perfect
she has less value as a human being no
but i'll be paying for a nose drop if
she wants it but
ask me a question again sorry ask me the
question so like
i've already thought about this if her
nose comes out anything like my old nose
because in genetics or any of my kids
i ordered those jobs are on me for free
it's like it's like that's
just standard go on ask me the same
question again because yeah i mean what
do you want to teach her
about her worth what is her worth
dependent on
i want her to i don't want her to be a
twitch streamer like me i want her to
actually have an education go through
uni and be
something to change the world don't
press that button don't you dare press
that button
um yeah so what's okay so do i want to
be like me in that way
well i just want her to be i'm just
gonna let her be
the woman she wants to be and i'm just
if saying
if she starts being a bit weird or i'd
just say
is that who you are if that's who you
want to be be
that because life's not hard dark i want
to be honest with you if any viewers
watching this is what i've learned
if you want to be that guy it takes a
mini second in your brain to be that guy
for the rest of your life
if you want to be a dick of a person you
can just be a dick and you're that dick
person so
if you want to be a nice person be it it
takes a second
to be that person and that's the truth
so um
what's my point with my daughter i'm
gonna let her sculpture herself
but if there is ever a concern or a bit
like that's a bit weird
what you're doing i might say are you
sure you're sure sure
i mean that's your job i'm never going
to be a parent where i'm making them but
you know you've got
strict parents out there that make them
wear that certain amount of that clothes
or where that or they're going to be and
she's going to be
a free bird and i'll pray she makes the
right decisions
okay guys let me let go on so
allie let me try to i'm going to try to
explain this you asked me is that bad so
let me put it to you this way so like
let's take your ex-girlfriend right so
one day you woke up
and you no longer hated her now does
that
lack of hate
so hatred can kind of come from two
places like
like maybe the reason uh how can i this
is sorry i i gotta take a step back
i use that even to this day i use that
as an energy the reason i came popular
in 2015 to 2016 because my ex cheated on
me
and i was like [ __ ] you i'm gonna stream
make it
just to piss you off and i use that
energy and that transformed the song
perfect
and then after half a year when i was
over i had this perfect thing going on
so use it as an energy
yeah yeah so so i think that's great and
at the same time i still feel like it
kind of comes back to this idea that
it's not
dependent on you it's dependent on the
outside world
right like if you're doing things to
show people
that they're wankers and that you've
made it and all those kids that bullied
you on school look at ali now like
ally's got
beautiful teeth beautiful nose beautiful
hair beautiful [ __ ]
you know he's got he's got everything
now like who's making fun of who
and and and sure i mean that can feel
good
for a while but generally speaking in my
experience
happiness that comes from the outside is
temporary and also depends
on the outside and that there's
there's another kind of happiness that
comes sort of from within
for lack of a better term and and i i
think that you've probably you've
undoubtedly had this right like where
it's it's not
i mean i think that there are parts of
you that feel really good about
yourselves because of the kind of dad
that you
are but it's not because anyone is
seeing like your daughter doesn't even
know
what you're doing for her right there's
no outside
reinforcement or support of your esteem
or worth
it's something that like you wake up in
the morning and you say like okay she's
got a fever today so she can't
i'm gonna be pissed about it but i'm not
gonna get mad at her it's not her fault
and she's never gonna know that she's
never gonna thank you for it
no one's ever gonna say like oh like
look at ali he's such a good dad like he
stayed home and canceled his stream
in fact if anything you're you may get
the opposite where your
your viewers may be like upset your
community may be upset oh this guy's
flaking again
but but like all that stuff even from
the outside you're gonna get
no reinforcement and maybe even some
amount of flack
or hatred or you know trolling or
whatever
but you can still feel good about
yourself regardless of how the outside
world treats you
i think that is better than the way you
feel
being dependent on how the outside world
treats you
and at the end of the day ali i hate to
break it to you man but if you hadn't
gotten a nose
job i don't think i would think any less
or more of you
i think what makes you amazing is not
your nose
right it's it's your like your drive to
like
be better and your ability to like roll
with punches
but but like the the the nose the nose
changes the way that you perceive
yourself
right
man that's so nice of you oh man that's
you're so i really believe that you're
like
an angel or something to speak words of
wisdom to people honest to god
um i know what you're saying though and
get it you're trying to say
you don't need all this because you can
be you're
you're loved on the inside alley you're
trying to say that but what if i told
you
it's like venom the movie and spider-man
where eddie brock is like and he's like
eddie don't don't take the suit it's bad
and he's like yeah i like being bad
it feels good right now it feels good
being this
outside
here's here's the problem i completely
agree with you that it feels amazing
right now right so it's like a problem
is this what we want to like step back a
bit because you're going to get no so so
here's the thing
if you if the reason you feel amazing
right now is because your twitch career
is going well because everything is
going well you just bought a
car you're going to buy a house like
like if everything
if your happiness is tied to the outside
world and what the faiths give you
then it's tied to what the faiths give
you
right right and so what i'm asking you
to do
is consider a life where your happiness
is not tied
to what the fates give you but it's like
like buddhas do that don't know they
don't have any of that they just sit in
the mountains and they they just have
each other
so like that sort of that's like
obviously live stream
so i don't know go on yeah so
okay my question is how am i meant to
find happy my question is how am i meant
to find happiness
without having goals and things to show
for in the real world
you tell me okay great so close your
eyes
and if my daughter comes in the top of
pc just scream okay
so ally
what's wrong with you right now
can i respond yeah nothing
okay then why do you need anything
right right
well all i want to know is one answer
for you how can i be happy
will you tell you told me i can be happy
on the inside rather than the outside
world so you tell me how i could be
happy or how you'd demonstrate to anyone
else
how i'd be happy with the inside not the
outside yeah yeah so so but what
what do you what but so it there's
nothing wrong with you right
right shuffle like i still want about
whatever you prefer
she's coming okay okay okay yeah
okay yeah go on so so yeah so but ali
here's the thing right so like like if
you think
about why you want something in the
outside world
that comes from a desire within you
right so is it outside the is the inside
of me is the outside of me right
absolutely
brilliantly put right so like this is
where so like right now you feel
perfectly content and so so
then what's gonna happen is at some
point you're not gonna be content
something within you is going to say i
want a house or i want a car
right and then why can't i why can't i
keep just chasing that for the rest of
my life that's what gives people
like goals isn't it it's like they get
one goal fantastic feel great want the
next one but that's life we have to work
hard and have goals am i wrong or
i think you have to work hard but but i
i don't i mean
yeah goals so that gets tricky for a
second but let me take a step back and
ask you
uh we'll talk about that in a second but
let me just point this out so like right
now you're perfectly content you don't
want anything right
but one day and all the stuff but yeah
but so but how do you feel
you don't have a house so how do you
feel right now
yeah incomplete okay where does that
sound comfortable where does that
feeling of incompleteness come from
i don't own a house yeah so so what what
is that
security but no inside you
ally i know it's kind of a weird baby
shark dude it's legit
yeah um but what what is that feeling of
incompleteness
what does that feel like right so like
your knowledge that you don't have a
house
is represented inside you in some way
right right so like if you imagine
walking into your house you're gonna
feel something on the inside
when the first time you walk into a
house you're going to feel something
and until you do that there's like this
emptiness inside you right
that's right okay so like yeah
empty slash um the feeling of one
uh the chase i won't call it empty it's
like uh
what's that what's that yeah hunger yeah
what is that
yes yeah that's it it's that feeling
it's like oh it's the chase it's like
yeah yeah i'm gonna get that i want that
yeah okay that gets my stream on every
day that's why i'm a bit upset i didn't
stream but go on
okay yeah so so let's think about hunger
for a second right
because there are times where you've had
hunger for rice
sure and yeah and what happens when you
don't give in to that hunger
like when you when you when you feel
hungry for rice and you start eating it
man do you feel good right and then the
next day how do you feel
but then if you eat more rice or you
have a cake oh man like there we go
again like i feel that hunger i want it
again
i want it again i want it again i want
it again oh what's the next thing
the next thing the next thing the hunger
always comes back that's true
and the more you feed it what happens to
you
you get fake yeah right you start to
feel bad about yourself
yeah yeah so sorry yeah so so how do you
what are you doing oh no you're trying
to say that when i get this house
and i've got that hung i'm gonna be
wanting the next thing
and the next thing is that what you're
trying to say yeah
yeah but let me say this doc who's
laughing when i own five six seven eight
houses
and i'm a landlord and then my penance
who's laughing
because you could put this like this
isn't the same being a landlord's
completely different to being
huge and overweight and feeling bad do
you understand what i'm saying yeah so
so the only part that's huge and
overweight and feeling bad is your ego
when you're a landlord
right your ego gets overblown then
you're like who's laughing now
all y'all little [ __ ] and i'm a big
man look at me
i'm a ladler you're a [ __ ] tenant at
that point
your mind is obese your mind is 14 stone
your ego is 14 stone oh you think but
don't you think some people find that
attractive
of course some people find it as like
wow i want to
be like this guy he's confident yes
you know what you you attract the wrong
audience you attract the wrong type of
women that are
gold diggers and you check the wrong
front difference they're trying to
exploit you and use you i completely
know where you're coming from but i'd
rather
be that guy than be someone who's
scraping by
really struggling living anxiety that he
can't cover his rent
so you know yeah
i agree i agree you should strive for
stability
so so you should absolutely strive for
stability and i i think i think ali this
is part of your journey right like you
started off
his anxious got it getting banned from
twitch
nowhere and now you've come out of it
and then your next phase is to transcend
the entire thing to move like stop
playing the entire [ __ ] game because
when you say like who's laughing that's
ego man
like why do you need to show all of
these women that tried to control you
that like you're doing fantastic
they're living their lives and like what
why why do you want to show them
like what you're just going to cause and
pain because you're successful
let me tell you that there's something
called flexing and yeah i know
you're you're not a type of gutter flex
there's no way you are you're really
humble and lovely
and i'm glad you don't but there are
types of people a lot of people out
there
that i don't care who's watching and
who's the thing if anybody out there
can flex it feels great it feels good it
makes you feel when lying effectively
empowered and other people get inspired
by that person flexing sometimes
sure right yeah i completely agree with
you so let me ask you this
when did you first want to flex oh my
god
um
[Music]
it was it's going to be really cringy
doc but it was when i got banned on
twitch i was depressed
i didn't spend money i made a lot of
money i didn't spend the money it's only
when i got banned
i started spending money got addicted to
it and i bought this stupid car and i
put a big spoiler on it
and i thought it was so cool i thought
it was really amazing i made this video
and it was the most cringiest thing ever
but i got addicted to that feeling it
was a nice feeling you're damn right so
so let's think about that ally you
started flexing when you felt
bad about yourself you know what your
first flex was your first flex was way
before you bought a car my friend
[ __ ] you miss that was your first flex
you didn't have to be the nobody that
you were back in
primary school right yeah yeah yeah yeah
you could show
up and boy did you flex you were like ah
look at me [ __ ] ally's in the house
now
y'all best pay attention yep and
everyone laughed and boy did it feel
good
i
there's a video on youtube that i made
it's no longer it's re-uploaded it had
when i first released it got a million
views back in 20
and here here i am here i'm not talking
about it but i made this video when i
was
um 13 and i'm now 28 so it's 15 years
ago on youtube i made this video and i'm
going around the school
and i'm just being a terror and it was
called gross school goes to school and
i'm just terrorizing
the libraries and kicking books down and
screaming
you know calling people names and it
went like viral on youtube it got like
half a million views in a week and my
headmaster pulled me in to make remove
the video
there's a re-upload of it and um but
yeah you're right you're right you're
right
you're really right god about what
help me understand the whole flexing
thing about it's in it's who i am
it started when it started when i was
like 10 11. not it didn't start when i
bought the car yeah so the flex alley
the flex is to
compensate for an instructor penis
don't say penis please i'm not saying
penis okay
i swear that i swear it's i don't know
what it is that
no no no it's dude it's it's it's to
compensate for like caravan you
bad teeth you shy you who got bullied
that's true right but here's the thing
here's the thing that's not the real you
that kid isn't the real you and if that
kid isn't the real you then you have no
need to flex
right if there's nothing wrong with you
why do you need to show off or prove
anything to anyone
right
did you ask me a question no because
it's all going in
sort of you're right you're right you're
right
[Music]
you're not asking me to change you're
not you're not asking me about are you
just making me understand right
sure right do you want to change
no not one bit i just i'm understanding
more about me okay because i've always
liked this and you've helped me
understand and i'm definitely
compensating for
yeah the the old me like you said um but
i don't want to go back to that
guy i you know i love who i am now doc
i'll be honest with you like
you know yeah so ali i don't think
you are truly what you are now
and i don't think you're truly what you
were back then
right i think you are what you are and
that there's nothing wrong with it so
you don't have to prove anything to
anyone
they don't need to see they don't need
to they don't need to see who you are
because they'll never know who you are
you know like right now what does your
daughter think you are
well i hope she knows that i'm her dad
we did a dna test and she i am the dad
um
but um well she can't speak i mean i
would hope she thinks
that i'm a father yeah for sure yep
right
and that you love her and she thinks
you're awesome
she can't get we've been talking for an
hour and a half and she can't get enough
of you
right right is that because you got a
nose job
no is it because of your teeth no
is it because of your car
is it because of how many followers you
have on twitch oh
she's faint how can she like you without
any of those things
oh i see oh i see i see what you mean
oh okay right
she likes it for who i am i right
yep okay but for a two and a half year
old this is different to all the people
nowadays it's if she's different to like
a 25 year old woman
dude just just because people out there
are [ __ ] dumber than a three-year-old
does not mean you need to cater to them
right i got you
animals and kids are the ones that see
your real value
not instagram models
right so you can you can live up to
their esteem if you want to
so you're you're right ally i'm not
asking you to change it's not my place
to ask you to change
it's my place to show you or try to help
see what i think you are and in theory
maybe that's what you really are
and then you should decide right if you
want to continue chasing materialistic
things go for it
if you want to continue flexing on
people go for it but this is what i will
tell you and what i have observed
is that the more your happiness is
dependent on
other people's opinion the less in
control of your happiness you
are that makes sense
so it's like playing with fire is what
you're trying to say absolutely
so if i loved myself and who i really am
and like early like we're talking about
animals
they love who you are that's i'm not
playing with fire then that's like a
safe thing to do
right i i i safe absolutely i mean i
think that's where real happiness comes
from
sustainable happiness like you think
about how does your daughter feel about
herself
and why does she feel that way it's
because you see something within her
why does she love you so much it's
because you probably don't
treat her based on what she does on the
outside gotcha
right her mom probably treats her
differently whereas like you treat her
like a person
not like any one facet
of her being you just don't pick one
side
you treat her as a person
and my guess is that like and it's not
your fault or anything i think this is
what happens
when kids get made fun of and when you
grow up where like you grow up in a
caravan and other people have houses
you they make you feel like less of a
human being
and what i'm telling you to do is stop
playing their [ __ ] game
all right because whether you have a
house or whether you have a caravan
she's gonna see the same person does she
know that you guys have like a mansion
or an apartment or a caravan right now
she doesn't know and she doesn't care
yeah it doesn't care what color your
hair is
i don't want to say doc okay
i'm just taking it in sorry no no it's
good
i mean no it's nice hearing it though
it's you're right
it's not hearing it um what happens
though when she grows up and
um she hasn't got nice things
right and then people at school make fun
of her excellent
now we get to the important point this
is why you need to so
yeah so allie this is beautiful you took
the next point i i was made fun of in
school if i had a big nose and living in
a caravan
and people would call me all names like
yep you know what i mean
so why would i want uh that's i do a lot
of it for her i say this all the time
but i do
want her to have the best things so i'm
the cool dad when i and i i don't sound
weird here but
when she goes to school and she has uh
it's her birthday
all her friends can come stay in a big
house and have a party which i never had
did i mean i don't i'd rather have that
life rather than of life where because i
never had a birthday party
i never had loads of friends over i
didn't get that luxury
you know i mean i've already got a
sleepover and if so it was weird
but um and that's it so i want i want
her to have nice things
i don't want to get bullied
so so ali i can get behind that 100
because let me explain something to you
though so why should you work hard
working hard to flex on noobs is one
thing
for family but i do want to dismiss that
i do everything i do do
is for my daughter as well it's just a
additional it's also
for ellie it's also for
yeah i'm doing all right yeah so so so
i i think when you work hard you do so
for two children
you do so for ellie
and then you do so for 10 year old you
right
and so what i'm saying is one of those
is going to be temporary
and you're going to feel like you're
going to go back to feeling the second
you buy a nice car
and then someone that you dislike buys a
nicer car you're gonna go back to
feeling like that 10 year old kid
but should you work your ass off should
you stream every day should you try to
be bigger and better and more secure
should you become a landlord instead of
a tenant and have control over your own
destiny
absolutely it's the why that's important
are you doing it to make other people
see how big your dick is are you doing
it for your daughter
yeah i i got you i i asked me that
because
you know i mean i think you're yeah yeah
yeah and i think i think
both of them exist within you right now
that's okay it's just over the next
couple of years
you've got to decide whether you want to
chase temporary happiness because you're
damn right it feels good that's why
everyone chases it like why do you think
everyone's doing this
why do you think instagram exists it's
because temporary highs are very
addictive and so easy to attain
it's way harder to sit with that hunger
and conquer it and not give in because
it's so satisfying
when you get that bowl of white rice and
you just start shoving it in your face
man does it feel so good for that hunger
but then the hunger comes back tomorrow
yeah and then a jaguar and then a home
but why do you want a home
is it because you want to flex or
because you don't you want to be able to
have a party for everybody
i've got a massive thing and this is
getting a bit to know me when i was a
kid and i was growing up
my dad walked there my my mom split with
him when
she was six and one second
sorry my friends listen to the stream
and i can hear myself talking i hate my
own voice
so pretty much when i was a um when i
was a kid i um
my dad weren't there and they they he
set my mom's car on fire they broke up
right it's drugs and all that crap and
uh pretty much what happened was
uh um my mom met this fella
after a few years of dating a few guys
and um he's very old-fashioned
and the day that i left school i was a
very quiet kid
at my family at the caravan at home at
school i was a terror
so much so that my mum would get reports
that i was really loud in class and she
wouldn't believe it
she we turned up to a parent's evening
and the teachers were like ali's loud he
swears a lot and
she's like not my alley what this ally
and i would sit there like
you know so the day that i left school i
did really bad i didn't pass any of my
grades i came
into school i was meant to get a's and
b's
because i took this dark side of being
immature and flexing with
um this loud mouth potty mouth kid i
left with
all bad grades the day that i finished
school
my i felt it coming for years my
stepfather
the day that i left school when i was 16
the day that happened
he was like get out go and we got into a
massive fight
and my mom and me got a like a bit she
she punched me in the nose
she she denies it to this day she's like
i didn't i was like yep i had a
nosebleed you punched me in the face
she she's like live it if i when i tell
her that she doesn't want to hear
she just says no no no so i got kicked
out when i was 16.
i always got kicked out when i was 14
but i went and stayed around a friend's
house and still to this day
you no one on this stream knows knows
what it's like to live with someone and
if you do you do but
you have no idea what it's like to maybe
you do doc
to live with someone and be dependent on
them to keep you there it
i lived growing up for my teenage years
in anxiety that my stepfather's gonna
kick me out and i was so scared of him
we never talked we never interacted all
i want to do is sit down and play
runescape
and that and make youtube videos and
that guy terrified me
that still to this day i my worst fear
ever
is not being able to pay my rent
that's why every time i get a girlfriend
i get i'm like i'm paying all the rent
i'm paying all the bills i'm paying
everything everything's on me i won't
let you spend a penny because i don't
want anyone to feel that anxiety which i
felt
growing up i hate no one there might be
someone watching this stream like a
16 year old who's doesn't know what's
going to do with leave school it's the
worst
feeling in the world living with someone
and being scared they're going to kick
you out
because it's just the worst feeling in
the world and now i had that i used to
clean up
be really polite was quite quiet and
scared
and still just to have that anxiety
that's why now i want to buy
a house if not houses and i want to own
so it's like a
security like hey i'm never gonna if if
if if [ __ ] hits the fan i'm okay because
i bought these houses and i could sell
them and live off that for a while
and that's it doc so that is so it's not
so much the reason i want to buy a house
is number one
yes it's my dual size well number two
it's it feel makes you feel good i
own a house but number three mostly it's
security
do you understand it's that i have this
living anxiety i'm so scared that's why
now i the past three years i haven't
streamed i've just been living anxiety
because i was too scared to stream with
my fan base
but now all i want to do is stream every
day i would stream 30 days
a week a month if i could but with with
my daughter i can't but um either way
that's the truth so
that it you know that anxiety is still
there and
all my last girlfriend i let her live
here
and the problem with me we're human
beings
we can find negatives in the most
positive thing for example
i did not pay anything i paid her car
insurance i paid all for
all her food her clothes you name it
it's all on me the past three years
i did that so much i paid every bill i
paid everything
that in her brain i starved her
from being her own woman when she left
me she was like i want to leave i want
my own place i want to pay my own bills
i want to be independent
i gave her so i didn't let her pay
anything that i stopped her from let's
say independency she could go out
she could go out i'm not keeping her
indoors she was allowed to go out she
could she was free as a bird
but because i paid all the bills her
brain taught is a negative because us
human beings will find a negative
look at millionaires look at
millionaires they they
still hate their lives some of them
because they just see negatives and
all their friends are afraid all their
friends are fake and
and they're you know and it's not enough
you know
so pretty much i made a mistake with my
ex-girlfriend i
i i pretty much started from
independence about paying all the bills
because i didn't want
her to live my ex i didn't want to feel
the same way i did when i was
um when i was a kid of the anxiety i'm
going to get thrown out get kicked out
oh my god it was the worst feeling in
the world worst feeling in the world and
that's that's so that's
one of the reasons why i want to buy a
house so it's like
yeah and i want to keep on going until i
feel really secure
it ain't gonna stop streaming all the
time every day
but yeah that's it so now you know a bit
more it's it
sheds a lot of light ally thank you so
much for sharing
right
is she insecure but my daughter
yeah we don't we not not at all she's
not scared of anyone
she doesn't play her by the children she
loves she prefers adults when she goes
to her school
does it she she i can have
10 strangers turn up women men she won't
care she'll walk in the room she doesn't
care she act like they're invisible
legit invisible where does that security
come from
what her security yeah i don't know
a lot of her kids her age are really shy
she hasn't she's the opposite yep she
just
yep ellie where does security come from
it's you're born that way right
no right or no no where does your
insecurity come from
which one the one with me want to buy
stuff or the one where i want the
attention like or the one where i'm
take your pick good good answer right
okay so your insecurities come from
experiences
your desire to have a house in security
comes from this
traumatic fear of being kicked out when
you were 16. that's where the
insecurities born
right the interesting thing is that
cookies i'm listening i'm listening i'm
listening right cookies is the full
cookie man
i'm gonna make a dinner shortly go on
carry on doc i'm listening yeah
no i'm just appreciating her
i'm always i'm all yeah so so my point
uh goren
and maybe we can
wrap up in a few minutes but just to
think about this is like so you're
trying to solve the insecurity of
yesterday by like buying a house today
i'm not saying you shouldn't get a house
absolutely you should provide
security but what i'm saying is that the
interesting thing is that
her security doesn't come from solving
an insecurity it comes from like
faith in herself and comfort because
like that's what you've given her
right like she knows her value as a
human being because you treat her with
value and what i'm saying is that the
solution to your
insecurity sure a house will help
but that emotional scar like has to be
dealt with directly
right so like it's about sitting with
some of the feelings that you have in
acknowledging
that you have this like traumatic event
about like being kicked out
but like appeasing the anxiety from the
outside doesn't actually do
anything to the insecurity like just
like when you get a nose job a little
while later you're going to be worried
about your teeth a little while later
you're going to be worried about your
hair
there's something with the insecurity
exists and fixing it from the outside
isn't going to do anything to the
insecurity on the inside
and so i know it's kind of a weird
question but you need to do for yourself
what you've done for your daughter and
then the insecurity will be gone
right right i've self-consciously done
that she's very
she's not insecure at all so tell me
exactly what i got to do
treat yourself the way that you treat
her pay attention the next time she
doesn't because she's gonna feel
insecure all the time
right so i know it's she's a secure kid
but they're gonna be little moments like
just now
right so that she has a need and like
how did you deal with her just like pay
attention to your interactions with her
because something about the way that you
interact with her has made her a secure
child
and i'm not sure exactly what that looks
like but i think you just got to look at
the way you treat her and look at the
way you treat yourself
look at the things within yourself that
prompt you to action
and look at the things within you that
prompt you to action for her
and they're very different
with her you have a fundamental idea
that she's okay
and so all of your interactions with her
are built on a foundation
of this kid is awesome when it comes to
yourself
the foundation is very different because
you weren't treated like you were okay
right growing up you had this stepdad
who you [ __ ] knew
he was looking for an excuse
he was just looking for an excuse
and your daughter
[Music]
has that's just alien to the way that
she's growing up
she has no idea what it was like
but that's where security comes from
fate or god or the universe
has given you a perfect example from how
to move forward to hear and she's in
your own home and she's three years old
do for yourself what you do for her
and whether you get a house or don't get
a house whether it's a big house or a
little house
whether you look beautiful or you look
ugly it won't matter
got it dog will do
how you feeling good good
just happy good
just good just um
yeah feeling good good good i'm happy to
hear it yeah
i'll leave you yeah yeah go on yeah i'll
leave you with one last thought ally and
then you can have the last word
so the only thing that i feel sad about
is that you chase something that you
don't need
right that you're fine the way you are
and all of your insecurities are
falsehoods
that were instilled in you by people who
didn't treat you the way that you should
have been treated
right yeah that makes sense it's their
estimation
in their eyes you're lacking and then
you learned how to look at yourself in
the mirror
and see what they saw but those [ __ ]
are wrong man
and so
look at yourself the way that you look
at your daughter
last word is yours my friend
the last word is mine yeah yeah if you
want to say something
last word uh no i just want to say
thanks for
having me on and it's uh just
so good to uh have someone
jump in my brain like that it was like i
wasn't expecting now i was like man
there's nothing you're gonna tell me
that shocks me so
nice that was nice it was nice yeah but
yeah
okay dr k thank you so much thank you
ali thank you and seriously good luck
with everything
yeah yeah yeah and hopefully um when
this covered calms down
i can see you at twitchcon or something
yeah you're gonna go too oh fantastic
and do you drink just curious do you
don't really
okay okay yeah
just double checking okay dr k you've
been a star thanks so much i'll take a
free thank you man
hey listen good luck to you and i i
really do hope you get a really nice
house
and you can throw your daughter up a
nice safe fun birthday party or
sleepover seriously
i wish for you all the best alex dr k
anytime if you ever need me just dm me
uh thanks for the team reaching out
because it was just a shock to me it's
just like
they dm'd me hate like that beyond dr k
stream i was like sure
you know i didn't you know so i loved it
it was fantastic
okay looks like your daughter's hungry
so i'll let you go man
i got dinner as well don't take care of
me see you later bye
um
you